exp: review implementation details (run, remove, gc) (#2325)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/exp/run.md

`--set-param` option to change `dvc param` values on-the fly.

Each `dvc exp run` creates a variation based on the latest project version
committed to Git (`HEAD`), and tracks this experiment with an auto-generated
name like `exp-bfe64` (which can be customized with the `--name` option).

<details>

### How does DVC track experiments?

Experiments are custom
[Git references](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-Git-References)
(found in `.git/refs/exps`) with a commit whose parent is the `HEAD` at the time

> of running. Note that they're not pushed to the Git remote by default (see

Reviewer: Not sure if "at the time of running" needs to be clarified here. Technically it is more like "at the time the experiment is queued". (For regular runs without `--queue/--run-all` it's just that we queue the single exp and execute it immediately afterwards.)

The important thing is that if `HEAD` has moved between `exp run --queue`, and `exp run --run-all`, we still execute each queued experiment based on `HEAD` at the time of `exp run --queue`.

Author: OK yeah we can omit that detail (done). But it's not clear that the exp commit doesn't become HEAD (i.e. doesn't get checked out) ⌛

Author: OK I clarified that too.

> if HEAD has moved between exp run --queue, and exp run --run-all, we still execute each queued experiment based on HEAD

- [ ] I tried testing this but it gets complicated... May require further QA/doc in the future. Is it a use case though? Queueing experiments from different HEADs and then running them all later. Thanks @pmrowla

Reviewer: It's intended to work that way, but I'm not sure how common of a use case it would be for users.

Reviewer 2: I would expect my queued experiments to reflect the time they were queued. I'm not sure how common it would be to change HEAD before running experiments in the queue. It might be useful to queue experiments from different branches. It also might work as an alternative to making multiple copies of a repo in cases where someone wants to run different stages simultaneously (`dvc exp run --queue stage1 && dvc exp run --queue stage2 && dvc exp run --run-all -j 2`). I'd be surprised if people use it this way, though.

`dvc exp push`).

</details>

The results of the last experiment can be seen in the <abbr>workspace</abbr>. To
display and compare your experiments, use `dvc exp show` or `dvc exp diff`. Use

> `dvc exp apply` to roll back the workspace to a previous experiment.

Reviewer: Maybe need a note here with a reminder that changes from `--queue/--temp` runs are not applied to the workspace.

Also, I think "roll back the workspace..." should maybe be something like "to apply the (git) changes from an experiment to the workspace". To me, using `roll back` sounds like we are reverting to an old changeset, which is not really the case.

Author: > changes from --queue/--temp runs are not applied to the workspace
> should maybe be something like "to apply the (git) changes from an experiment to the workspace

Updated in 0c7a060d.

<details>

### How are checkpoints captured?

Instead of a single commit, checkpoint experiments have multiple commits under

> the custom Git reference (in `.git/refs/exps`), forming a branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the custom Git reference (in `.git/refs/exps`), similar to a branch.
```

I think we should be explicit that anything in `refs/exps` is *not* a Git branch. For all intents and purposes, exp refs function the same way, but a formal "Git branch" must be a `refs/heads` reference.

The important distinction being that git CLI commands which expect branch names will not work with (shortened) exp ref names.
